---
layout: page
title: About
---

I'm a recent M.Sc. (Astronomy) graduate from Western University in London, Canada. My Master's project investigated the "grandPAH hypothesis", which is the idea that astronomical populations of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), which dominate interstellar mid-infrared emission, constitute a small number of specific PAH species that are preferentially selected by physical conditions. I fitted PAH emission observed by the *Spitzer* space telescope using the NASA Ames PAH IR Spectroscopic Database, and developed a statistical measure for the degree of preference exhibited by a given interstellar object for a given PAH species. I previously received by B.Sc. in Integrated Science from McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada. 

For my <a href="https://doi.org/10.1093/mnras/sty2446" target="_blank">honours thesis</a>, I developed a semi-analytic formula for the lifetimes of helium-rich stars, and conducted *N*-body simulations to investigate globular cluster dynamics with helium-rich secondary populations, using SHARCNET high performance computing resources to run a modified version of NBODY6 code which implements my formula. I analysed tens of gigabytes of data to show that a helium-rich secondary population dynamically mixes earlier than a normal-helium counterpart, and grows more spatially extended over time.

My interests extend well beyond astronomy, though! Shaping raw data into useful insights is rewarding in itself to me, as is simply building things, be they software or physical objects, that people will find helpful or enjoyable. I've worked on diverse projects, from developing tiny video games to leading McMaster's Dry Lab in the International Genetically Engineered Machine competition. I've also spent a lot of time just coding random trinkets and playing with data I found in some corner of the Web, and I've sewed rather a lot of plushies. I also love to write sci-fi, and lately I've been getting very into baking and writing/playing ukulele and guitar music!
